= redmine_evm

V0.9.0 (05-Dec-2012)

==About

	This plugin generates line graphical indicators, per Project and open Versions, 
	used in EVM (Earned-Value Management).
	It shows actual cost (hours reported in log time), planned value 
	(estimated hours indicated in new issue),
	and earned value distributed in weeks / years.
	It also shows cpi and spi indicators.
	Tested on redmine 2.1.3

==Plugin details

	While within a project, this plugin will collect information on hours planned and spent on a 
	project and it's open versions, and present them along with a time scale of weeks per year.
	It's advisable to fill information on project, version or issues creation about their start date,
	end date and estimated hours.
	If such information is not provided it will assume as end date the most likely to be it,
	such as today's date, for example.
	Issue estimated hours are distributed equally through issue duration in working days.
	Hours are presented in a cummulated fashion over time, shown in linear format which serves as a visual 
	indicator to performance obtained.
	Also included are CPI and SPI indicators.
	Permissions are 
	Charts are provided by Google Charts. Live connection to internet is required to generate charts.
	
==Installation:
	
	1) Downloading tarball.
	2) Extract tarball to {redmine_root}/plugins/redmine_evm/	
	

==Keywords:
	
	EVM, CPI, SPI, Earned Value Management, Redmine, Plugin
	
==Todo:
	Baselines;
	Forecast;
	Cost to Resources;
	YTD Values, not constant to End Date;
	
==License:
	Copyright © 2012 ImaginaryCloud, imaginarycloud.com. This plugin is licensed under the MIT license.
	
	
	
